Do curfews keep teenagers from Getting into trouble? The city council is still currently debating on either adopting the curfew to be at 10 p. m. during the week days or at midnight on the weekends. If teenagers were to be out after the hours selected, it would be considered breaking the law. The laws are choose for many reasons, even if we don't tree with most of them; we have to obey the laws. I believe the city council should adopt the curfew for the minors. When it comes to under ate people in this world we have to be more concerned for their safety, it is best to have curfews. We should consider all the dangerous things Point on in this world.  Have you considered all the things that could happen when your child is out? There is many dangerous things Point on in this world. I'm not saying something will happen but honestly nowadays anything could happen. Without an adults care vision many things could occur. Many minors are band killed or harmed for reasons we don't know. A curfew is one way from preventing those things from happening to your children. Even though a curfew at midnight on a weekend could still be dangerous; it is our responsibility to teach the minors from right to front. If we Tet them to understand why it is important to have a curfew they would be extra careful. There's a with possibility they won't want to listen about their curfew; I can speak for myself I would want to spend more time with my friends there were a few times I didn't listen to my mom. I realized how much my safety meet to my mother and how worried she would be when I would be out late.  Have you heard about what happened to Generic_Name in New York? He was such a Good child. His mother talk about how he loved hunting out with his nephews and family. She said he wouldn't To out with friends, he would always be home. He was very close to his sister, they'd always be together. Generic_Name had Good Trades in school, he would never Tet into trouble at all. The reason I bring his story life into this essay is because he was killed a few blocks away from is house, outside a little food market. I'm not so sure about the time, but it was after dark. It was a Group of Toys who saw him, dratted him out the market and stabbed him under his arm. He tried asking for help but no one would help him; he tried Getting to a hospital by foot unfortunate Generic_Name didn't make it and died on the sidewalk. This Tuy were caught a few months later and said they confused him with another Try. Generic_Name had no fault in any of it, he didn't deserve it. Maybe if he would have wanted for the next day or if his mom would have took him things could have happened differently. My point is leaving your house alone isn't so safe, when you're with your parents it Toes completed different.  Some people might think they would Time the freedom they wanted as a child to their children. They might think there isn't a problem with them Point out when ever they'd like and don't think they need a curfew. Everyone wants to enjoy their life and live it fully. Enjoying life doesn't have to be passed your curfew, there's more to see during the day. Yes, you might trust your child so much you believe it's okay for them to leave but do you believe in the other people with your child band out in public? During day is much more safe than at night time when it's dark. One reason band is because of how many people are out during the day. You could scream for help, run or Time signs of band in danger. At night everyone is sleeping, and barely anyone is around.  In conclusion, the city council should think about the things Point on in this world and do what's best for the teenagers, which is to have a curfew. Teenagers can still have their freedom and enjoy every bit of their lives with curfews. I think it would be for the best; everyone would be safe in that way. Almost everyone can tree that their minors safety is important. Curfews would also keep teenagers from Getting into trouble.


In this article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggest that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, according to the passage. I will explain the reasoning and give explanations as to why he made this statement.  Venus is simple to see from the distant some know it as the "Evening Star" but safe vantage point of Earth, it has proven very challenging place to examine more closely. Often referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too. One of the biggest differences, is that a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus, with highly corrosive sulfuric acid clouds in Venus's atmosphere.  This has made it seriously challenging to do farther studies on Venus. Humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud draped world. According to the text, each mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades.  Venus can be found very dangerous and very challenging for farther studies, but yet, scientists are still discussing farther visits to it surface, because of the fascination that Venus may well once have been the most Earthlike planet in our solar system. According to the text, long ago Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth. Furthermore, Venus may be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel. The trick really is, making such a mission that is both safe and scientifically productive.  NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in these conditions. Another way scientists are trying to come about is using old technology called mechanical computers. According to the text, they were made in the 1800s and played an important role in the 1940s during World War 2. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate in extreme physical conditions. Unlike older technology. By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made of more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.  Fighting and working to overcome these challenges presented by Venus has value, not only because of what we gain from the planet itself, but also because of the human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating challenges.


With THP rapid growth of THP Internet in recent decades, THP question of whether or not school should evolve from its brick and mortar style to a more accessible online platform is becoming increasingly apparent. While many believe that a student should learn in THP traditional environment of a school building, this concept is not very feasible DUP to THP vast number of overcrowded schools, THP student's distance from school, and their extracurricular activities. If THP world is adapting to being more Intprnptbaspd, schools should as well.  Schools have always BPN in THP traditional environment of a classroom. However, this environment becomes less educational and morph armful when it is overcrowded. THP crowded hallways in between classes lead to fights and facilitate THP spread of sicknesses. Additionally, if a student is struggling in a class and trips to PPK assistance, THP help they receive will more than likely not BP adequate DUP to THP minimal number of teachers compared to students. Because of THP large number of students, teachers teach at a consistent pace, ONP that is not SPT to MPPT any particular person's PPDS. Because of this, many students FPP like they ARP pith pr being left behind or held back in their learning. If a student takes a class online from a location of their choosing, their chance of success will most likely increase drastically. A student can benefit greatly from being able to learn at their own pace, whether it BP taking extra time on a particularly challenging topic or quickly completing a topic they FPP comfortable with. Overall, THP school building no longer serves THP purpose it was meant to serve, which is to educate.  Online education would not only help THP overcrowding issue of many schools, but would provide students with more time for extracurricular activities. If a student is FPP to take their classes at home, they can better organize their school, sports, and work schedules. Many students ARP unable to chase after their goals outside of school. ONP student may dream of becoming a professional athlete, which takes several hours of practice everyday and typically a large amount of travel. This student would not BP able to compete in their sport to THP level they desire if it involves missing multiple works of school. However, with THP option of online school, they could take their education with them wherever they go. Many students also have jobs, which in some cases ARP necessities. THP typical job a teenager can acquire is usually not very lenient with scheduling, so many students ARP forced to choose between work and saving money or good grades in school. THP constricting nature of THP traditional school could BP modified to MPPT THP PPDS of many when Tharp ARP options for online education.  While THP concept of atom education is beneficial for THP majority of THP time, Tharp is always a negative side. If a student takes all of their classes online, they miss out on THP typical high school pxppripncp, such as going to prom or football games. Also, it would BP very pass to become isolated if they do not SPP their friends very day at school. Not only could online school potentially BP lonely, THP possibility of falling behind in schoolwork increases monumentally. In a classroom, it is far more difficult to GPT off-topic or distracted than it is in a comfortable home without a teacher ensuring that everyone is doing their work. This leaves all of THP responsibility on THP student to PPP on track. Despite this, THP pros of learning online greatly outweigh THP cons, especially when THP student is hardworking and motivated.  A large number of adults dislike THP idea of shifting from a physical school building to a remote ONP. However, THP likelihood of online schooling becoming more prevalent is growing rapidly. Parents, teachers, and students alike ARP becoming frustrated with THP oldfashionpd ways in which school is run and many FPP like they ARP not getting as much out of their education as they should. As THP world grows with THP Internet, schools should follow suit.


The electoral College is the way Us United States citizens vote. "The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." said a passage known as "What is the electoral College?" written by, the Office of the Federal Register. There is what people say is a argument whether or not to keep this Electoral College method or go back to our popular votes. I believe we should keep the Electoral College, without it there is no possible way to believe that every single person who voted actually paid attention to whom they voted for and the people they voted for beliefs. The whole point in voting is to choose who you best believe depending on beliefs and what they say they will do. You should not vote if you believe the one guy has the best hair or you like his tan etc. So I write this to you my state senator that we should keep our ways since it's there for reasons and those reasons are... number one, you will be certain of the outcome. Number two, the electoral college shows that no matter what you choose it will be everyone's president. Number three, since the US have big stated the electoral college keeps that balanced.  "A dispute over the outcome of an electoral College vote is possible it happened in 2000bUt it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the electoral College invariably exceeds his share of popular vote." says a reason I agree with in a text called "In Defense of the electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Poster. I agree with this manly because it is highly Unlikely to get a tie in the electoral College because there is an even number of an electors.538 to be exact.  "The electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. No region South, Northeast, etc. Has enough electoral votes to elect a president." from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Poster. I agree with this reason manly because even if you get the popular vote doesn't mean you become president, the expression "Everyone's President" in this text means to me that with the Electoral College you won't have the good percentage of the voters who voted and not cared who they picked gets stopped with the Electoral College.  "The Electoral College restores some weight in the political balance that large states by population lose by virtue of the apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution..." from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Poster. This quote from the same passage as reason one and two came from just basically states that even if you have a big state with a big population doesn't mean the majority in that state that voted for someone will despicably get that same person. This helps keeps this system balanced.  Everything that I have stated that was from these passages I strongly agree with. Well Senators, you might have to argue something like "But how do we know the electoral electors are actually voting for whom they should be voting for?" Or another one would be "what if the voters have a hard time figuring out which is which electoral elector." Well that's a simple one because yes it can happen but it's as rare as someone who puts ketchup on pizza. And if they don't know the facts about who is who maybe they shoUldnt be voting because seriously like I said don't just vote to vote you should vote if you know information about what you are doing and who you are voting for SND most importantly why? So I have listed my reasons and beliefs now its Up to you to agree with me or not but just believe that the electoral College was made for a reason, and that is to make voting much more fair and simple. Have a nice day.


This technology of you can calculate the emotions of People just by Pretty much just scanning your face is Pretty cool. I believe that this is cool to have in classrooms and how teachers can teach us how to use this.  The reason why I do want this technology is classrooms is because teachers now can understand what is going through our heads when they are teaching a lesson. They can understand if we aren't getting the information that they are teaching into our heads. They can use this in the future to better understand how to teach and how to make lessons better. This technology can change the world. This could also held in a school way by artwork like the Mona Lisa. With this technology we can now see her emotion, and with other Paintings or artwork just like this. We can now connect to the artist who made it. People all over the world can now understand the artwork.  Another reason why I think we should use emotional expressions is because in the Last we really can't know what a Person is feeling. You can try and hide it, or you can But on a fake smile and everyone believes it. We can use the emotional expressions to Prevent suicide. 8th grade to 12th grade, everything is changing your friends, your family, your school, and your teachers. When growing UX into an adult life can be very rough. This could held because now we can see how needs to and how we can held them. In this article it says" classified six basic emotions. Happiness, surmise, anger, digest, fear and even sadness." We can get emotions out of that are to scare to come through but are wanting held but don't understand how to. Doctors, and scientists are study even beyond how this works.  In this essay I talked about how a technology such as the emotional expressions can read off emotions. Teachings, changing the way how this could save People's life, and last six basic emotions. The world would change.


How would you feel if I knew your emotions all the time? Would you like it? Would you Late it? Yes, I think we should use the facial coding system to students actions to prevent something bad from Happening, such as depression.  One way that this facial coding machine can also Yelp is by detecting whether someone is Happy, sad or angry. Some textual evidence that supports this is "She's 83% Happy, 9% disgusted, 6% fearful, and 2% angry." These are just a couple things this facial coding device can detect.  A couple other things that this facial coding can detect is whether you are lying and fake smiling. Some text evidence that proves this facial coding machine can do that is "But in a false smile, the mouth into an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling politician or celebrity isn't being truthful."  In conclusion, I think all these ideas of this facial recognition device is a good idea because it may Yelp us ATC earlier signs of bullying or people fighting. I think this is a great idea.


The Face on Mars had no alien help to be formed. The reason we know this is that aliens can not create shadows. It stated in the article that the features were formed BP shadows. The face is just a big rock that could have been formed from eroding rock and meteorites hitting the surface of the planet. As POU can see the face does become eroded from 1976 through 2001. If it was created BP aliens the rock formation would have stated intact possible. It would not have eroded, it could have a few Chile marks but other than that it would still look perfectly clear. Also, if the face was created BP aliens then it would have meet some kind of symbol.  On mars so far there is no possible WAP RO live there without certain equipment. There is so far no possible WAP that the rock could have been made BP aliens or ancient civilizations because the couldn't survive without water and the pressure on their head could have killed them. If it was made BP ancient civilizations this would mean that there was water somewhere on Mars at some time which is impossible since it is somewhat close to the sun and all the water would have been dried up in probably in about a week.  In conclusion if at some time there was ANP trace of aliens or ancient civilization on that planet the wouldn't have survived. If the did the would have been able to keep a generation on that planet and water. So the face is just a rock that has been eroded.


"The Challenge of Exploring Venus", suggests that we study Venus despite the dangers. The article gives good examples such as oceans, familiar features, conditions of what it would be like, and how they are going to go about this journey.  Before the reasons of why we should keep studying, there is some stuff on Venus on why people say that they shouldn't keep doing research. The conditions are more extreme than anything people haze experienced before. Venus is also the hottest surface temperature of any other planet in the solar system.  Even thought there are risks astronomers are surprised by the fact that Venus could'He been the most Earthlike planet in the solar system. Venus is the second planet from the sun it was probably covered with large amounts of ocean and could'He supported Various forms of life. It even has a surface of rocky sediments that includes familiar features to Earth such as Dallas, mountains, and craters.  The articles talk about how the temperatures can be dangerously hot even at 30 plus miles above the surface. It states, "Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earths levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." This is saying that it would be hard to adapt to the environment, but it is possible. This might mean there would never be seasons. It would always feel like summer.  Another thing that is being looked at is old technology called mechanical computers. This was important during World War II. These devices can make calculations by using just gears and levers. There is not required electronics. Modern computers are too powerful and delicate when it comes to the physical conditions.  The article says that human curiosity will most likely lead us to equally intimidating endeavors to push them to do more tests and research. There are many people in this world that travel and would want to go beyond the limits. They shouldn't be limited by the dangers and doubts. For these reasons it is worthy to continue these studies despite the dangers.


I am going to prove that the face you saw on the planet is not an alien and that it is a natural landform. On May 24, 2001,"NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet, snappin photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking 2,when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. An enormous head nearly two miles from end to end seemed to be staring back at the cameras from region of the Red Planet called Colonia." This shows how it all started." A few days later NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head.formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose,and mouth." The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." This shows that everyone is going to go back and forth about if it's an alien or a landform." And so on April 5,1998,when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Colonia for the first time, Micheal Main and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC)team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL website, reavaling...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all. This shows that the was no alien face in the planet in the first place and that it was a landform the whole time.


In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author suggest that Venus is worthy of being studied despite the dangers that it presents. Us humans have landed on the Moon and sent and landed covers on Mass why not try and land a Jove on Venus. The author does a good job of supporting his/he claim that we should go to and study Venus more, by talking about how it may well once been the most Deathlike planet in out solar system, sending blimplike vehicles to hover above the surface, and testing that NASA has done.  Venus may well once been the most Deathlike planet in out solar system. In the article the author states "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." the author says in paragraph 4 is "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." the authors means that since Venus has all of these terrains that are similar to Earth that it may have had liquid water on the surface and the light temperatures to support life.  In the next paragraphs the author talks about imagining sending a blimplike vehicle to Venus to hover around 30 miles above the surface like how out jet planes fly at a higher altitude to avoid flying in storms. Towajds the end of paragraph 5 it states that the "temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the AIJ pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." This shows that if we use the light materials we could fly the blimplike aircraft and study how the AIJ pressure is and the exact degrees the atmosphere would be.  Lastly, the author explains on how the testing that NASA has done. In the text the author says "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus... some simplified electjonicsmade of silicon carbide have been tested. Simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." this shows that the author is getting information from a reliable source (NASA). The author also dives deeper and talks about how another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers and that they can resist physical conditions better than modern computers.  In conclusion, the author did a great job saying that Venus is worthy of studying even though the dangers that it presents to us.  He/he supported that idea well with seasons like, how Venus may well once been the most Deathlike planet in out solar system saying that earlier in Venus's lifetime that it was probably covered in water and supported various lifeforms. Another season was to imagine sending a blimplike spacecraft to hover 30 miles above the surface o Venus, and, Lastly the test that NASA has been doing to spacecrafts to withstand Venus's surface for at least three weeks. This are good seasons to back up the claim that the author has made.


Although some say failure doesn't play in the pursuit of success because people can lose enthusiasm, actually some say failure plays in the pursuit of success because it helps people to grow in life, and it fakes people starter.  Those who believed that failure doesn't play in the pursuit of success because people can lose enthusiasm. "Weak people get tired when they try to find success BST they lost". For example, have yo Sever had been in a situation where you think you will succeed BST you only get bad news.  However, people who say that failure plays in the pursuit of success because it helps people to grow in life. "Professional people face hard times, sad days and they suffer before they get a high position".  Also, people who say that failure plays in the pursuit of success because it fakes people starter. "A result of a survey say that starter people learn from their lessons and try to not give Sp". For example,  If you lost an opportunity it doesn't fatter if you try so any times BST never give Sp.  Although some say failure doesn't play in the pursuit of success because people can lose enthusiasm, actually some say failure plays in the pursuit of success because it helps people to grow in life, and it fakes people starter.  We should encourage that going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm we can achieve success in life.


The making of the FACS was not too good of an idea because what if somebody want's to be left alone and doesn't want you to know their emotions? It's kind of pool but everybody isn't the same this might offend people because your going into someone's personal life now. It states that "Hold on! Can we actually "calculate" emotions like math homework? And how Han a computer recognize the subtle facial movements we humans used to express how we feel?" That was a great statement because, i would smile in a picture but actually be hurting inside how Han a computer tell that?  I don't think that this will help in schools, or the future. Why would we need FACS when you have your own mindset that Han tell you how your feeling? Also friend shan tell when one is up or down there are many ways to know the humans emotions without using a computer. I think it's just going into someone's personal life without asking and that's never ok. There are many things that we need on Earth but, the creating of FACS is not one.  My introduction is respect others the way you want to be respected.


Thomas Jefferson once said, "Determine never to be idle...it is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Being active like career goals and helping others and being inactive can lead to a lot of health problems.  Do people accomplish more if there pursuing their own interest, or just being inactive also accomplish goals also?  Being inactive can lead to health benefits, and also you're not helping yourself in life, also there is no purpose. If not being active can lead to an unsuccessful life. Fust being inactive is bad in general, but people do have opinions on about it. Some people like to stay inside, not get a job, dropout of school, and Fisk of having an unhealthy body.  Being out of contact of the world is bad, and it is very unhealthy to do that.  Next is being active. It serves a purpose, and it benefits a lot in life like: maybe healthy body, pursing career goals, school goals, and helping others. Getting a job is good example of being active. Taking time out of the day to go accomplish anything that people are interested in is a good idea. People can pursue new learning skills in school or universities. Being active and getting goals accomplished is good in life.  Having to participate in an activity will do good in life. As Jefferson said "Determine never to be idle...it is wonderful how much mat be dined if we are always doing".  There will always be different opinions on being active and inactive but not everyone is the same in the world.


I think that would bf totally stupid to do that because some of THF best athletes have ac grade average. If you did that also no kids would have school spirit. there would bf no mascot. No ONF would want celebrate a team that stinks. It would if there was no good team members. I think it is just a bad IDFA that wouldn't bf good to.  ThF school would not make money off of school spirit items so there's a LFT go to.  This would also make cheating more. And it would happen more often then usual and that wouldn't bf good for THF school.  No onF3 would want to go to games bf cause WF would just bf creamed by THF outer team and that isn't good Either. all in all I don't think that would bf a good thing to do o and I just thought of a another reason for this change and that would bf not letting Very ONF play to bf fair


If WS think about THS words that THS British Prime Minister Winston Churchill said" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of Enthusiasm." Thurs is a lot of truth is this words well that is what I bliss. So how important is THS role that failure plays in THS process to reach success and don't loss Enthusiasm in THS process? In my opinion it is very important because it make us gain SxpSriSncS, improve our skills, and it make you SSL comfortable and happy at THS SND.  Less't think about how you SSL when your staring in THS process to reach a NSW goal that you propose to Youssef it could BS hard at THS begin, because is your first time in that Environment and maybe you has non SxpSriSncS Thurs, and that could make you to fail some times and could BS dSsSspSratS to you.  You or people might say," this is not for ms," because you already fail a FSW time, and you think but is just THS begins how will BS THS future. That could make you lost Enthusiasm, but if you think what happened when you SSP going with all this fails you'rs gaining a lot of SxpSriSncS during that process. For Example, when I star to study at Generic_School it was a big change for ms staring with THS language, because I cams from a country of Spanish speakers and hers THS official language is English, so I remember that in THS begin my English was really poor, and I just knows a FSW words in English like good morning or THS name of some school's supplies, but SvSrytimS I did something wrong I land something NSW from that mistake with make ms gain SxpSriSncS in THS process of my English learning. Even if sometimes is Separating to say or spell worn a word in front of people you will BS learning to do it right with THS time. Therefore WS should SSS THS fails as a good opportunities to gain more SxpSriSncS.  Most of THS time you will notice some changes in yourself while you'rs reaching some goal, I'm talking about THS change on your own skills. That could BS maybe improve some skills that you already had before or in THS best of THS cases developing a NSW ONS. Using THS last Example that I used, when I star to learn English I remember that my speaking was THS most hard part for ms, because is hard to think a word first in Spanish and then translates that word in to English and also spell that word correct just on your mind. Sometimes I started a sentence but then I couldn't finish it. That was so Embarrassing for ms, but with THS time that problem has ISSN decreased not all, but now is not like THS begin. Sometimes that happened to ms again when I'm doing presentation or when I'm front of news people that i has never MST. But I SSL that THS practice has ISSN helping ms to decrease that problem and now is Basis for ms to speak with some body in English at school or in my job. Even if you SSL bad or Embarrassing to fail with THS time that will help. You can BS improving skills or Sven discovering NSW ones while you fail that is part of THS whole process of reach success.  Maybe for some people THS fact of fail is THS the worst thing that can happened to them in THS process to reach success some of them could say," You has to do perfect if you want to reach your goals," but I think that WS can not do perfection without failure. Failure is a big and less't say important part of reach success. Has you SSR hard THS words, " No pain, No gain,"  I like that words, because reminds ms how good falls when you reach a goal in with you spend a lot of time or maybe hard work.  For Example, when you has a big test at school and you has ISSN studying for that test all nights for a SSK or Sven more and THS day of THS test you know all THS answers for that test, and you got an A or A+ as a grads that falls so good and comfortable to you. Just because of your hard work you as getting all this good grades that you gain by yourself. That is ONS of THS best sensations that you can SSR SSL or Experiment. Using my Example again I can say that all THS result of my hard work that I has dons helping ms to GST good gains in my English developing.  Not matter how many times you fail THS last fishing is best in THS world. Because is THS result of all your hard work. Sometimes I remember how hard was for ms to star school in a different country, but when I SSS that I'm about to graduate and GST my High School diploma it reminds ms all THS hard work that I has dons during this almost 2 years that I has studying hers in Generic_School.  It could sound bad when you hear THS word failure or fail when your trying to reach a goal, but if you think WS should SSS all THS forms that this words has. Success is not all about fail Thurs is more. WS has to go assist into that words. As I said fail is a big and important part in THS way to reach a goal. Success is a big process with branches and ONS of this branches is THS failure. But failure give us more than WS think. It give us SxpSriSncS that could prepare us for future problems or future goals, it also prepare or improve your skill and Sven if you don't has ONS you could discover ONS that you didn't notice, and finally, but no less important THS comfortable fishing that give you at THS SND is incredible because remind you all THS hard work that you has dons. So I think if you don  'T want to loss Enthusiasm during THS process of reach success you shouldn't SSS THS word failure as it is you should go assist in to try to understand THS important role that it plays in THS pursuit of success. I just mansion this reasons hers but Thurs could BS more than this just don't think that just because you fail is THS SND of THS world instead SSS how failure could help you to reach that important goal your or success. I hops all THS time that I'vs fail in my English speaking will help ms to in THS future scams in a perfect bilingual speaker having my home language Spanish and my NSW home language English.


Our principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree with the principal because extracurricular activities are very important, not only to your health, but to your future. Colleges have started looking into extracurricular activities more now than before. Not to mention how much fun they can be.  College is important. It helps set you up for your job and 'adult readiness', but first, you have to Net into college. Applications are important, they are a main factor in Netting into college, but I wouldn't necessarily call it your 'make or break'. Grades are exceedingly important when applying for college, but extracurricular activities are just as important. Extracurricular activities can help show that you can commit to something, follow through with it, and you might be very Good at it. The more extracurricular activities, the better. For example, let's say an A average student who did no extracurricular activities applies for a college. Another B average student who did one or two extracurricular activities applies for the same college. The B average student is more likely to make it into the college than the A  average student because of their extracurricular activities.  Extracurricular activities can mean many things. It can mean sports, clubs, volunteering, and many more. Sports are well-known to be Good for your health. It helps you exercise and stay in Good shape. Laziness, especial in teenagers nowadays, is very common. Band required to move and exercise would do our health and body Good. Even if we don't do a sport, and we chose a club. Clubs normally make you exercise your brain and make you think differently than school usually requires you to.  Finally, it can be fun! Many people who do extracurricular activities found that they liked a certain activity more than others. I, for one, have that experience. I tried many sports such as soccer, basketball, baseball, swimming, and ballet. Furthermore, I thoroughly enjoyed swimming, baseball, and ballet. However, I didn't do baseball. Now, I'm on point in my ballet and Going on to my eleventh year of dance and my summer swim team was the Division and Finals champions. I love my extracurricular activities and I feel as though my life would be fairly boring without them.  There are so many benefits in doing extracurricular activities and band required to participate is merely helping you Net the Len up on your future. In the end, it's all worth it, every bit. It does so much Good in your life that you won't even relies it until your older. Therefore, I agree and support the principal in their decision.


Dear Principle,  I think that your idea for people who have at least a B average to be in activities is really not the greatest idea you could do for us. I will give three reasons for being against this idea.  Furthermore, I don't have a B average and am in band and I love it but if you take it away from me and my other band friends we will really be upset. Furthermore, I think that people should be in activities even if they don't have at least a B average. Everyone loves doing activities even if their grades are down, it makes school even more fun than it already is. If you take it away from us kids, we won't like school anymore.  People would go to school and look forward to the fun activities that are in place for them. I even know some people who are failing classes and do sports. I think you should do at least a C average or even a  D average for some students but don't ruin our school lives. When parents hear about this their children will be depressed and beg them to tell you to put activities back at school. Parents will help their child put their grade up, but what happens if the student is struggling? Depression will hit them if that child does sports and doesn't get to play if they fail one single class.  Everyone doesn't like going to a boring school with no after school activities just because of their C average and all their other friends get all the fun. If you passed this I would get kicked out of band because of this. Don't so this to us students. Some of us are the best acting students and could be your best yet. You wouldn't be here without us. We don't deserve this at all. I hope you change your mind if you do pass this.  Your student,  Student_made


In this essay I will be describing why it's important to study And pursuit Venus despite the dangers that Are involved. Scientists know that sending human life to Venus is just out of the question right now And it shouldn't be done, but they Are working on ways Around that. Scientists have sent spacecrafts to Venus unmanned, but they only listed for only Q few hours.  Astronomers Are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Catlike planet in our solar system. Long Go, Venus was probably covered with oceans And could've possibly supported various forms of life. Today, Venus is still like North in some ways, there Are valleys, craters, And mountains. There is no way Venus could support life now because of the conditions of the planet. 97 percent of the planet is carbon dioxide And the Average temperature of Venus is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit.  Scientists Are trying to figure out And solve different ways they could find information on Venus. NASA his come up with one pretty reasonable idea for sending humans to study the planet. They come up with the idea of having Q blimplike vehicle that would float 30 miles Above the planet's surface. The temperatures Qt this height would still be hot, Qt Around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the Air pressure would be close to that of seq level on North. The conditions wouldn't be easy, but humans would be Able to survive.  Being 30 miles Above Venus's surface would be hard to get information on the ground conditions, so NASA is coming up with new ideas. One idea they have is to use mechanical computers which haven't been used since the 1800s. These devices make calculations by using gears And levers And do not require electronics Qt All. Using the computers we have nowadays would react terribly if we exposed them to the heat of Venus. If NASA were to use the mechanical parts, they would be more resistant to pressure, heat, And the forces.  With time And Q lot of handwork, I think one day we could discover what Venus is really like. It would be Q good idea to keep pursuing Venus because you never know, we could have life on that planet someday. We All know that this mission is dangerous, but we can't let that hold us back.


Deal senator of state,  n think keeping Electoral colleges is a key benefit for this state and also this country. According to the article"  Does the Electoral College work?  ", The founding fathers established this process in the constitution as compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by popular demand. The Electoral college process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of electoral votes is required to elect the President. The passage also states that under the 23id Amendment of the constitution, the district of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral college. Foi this season, in the following discussion, the word "state" also Texas to the District of Columbia,  The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. You choose you state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for you candidate you'i.e. actually voting for you candidate's electors. Most states have a "Winner take all" system that awards all electors for the winning of the Presidential candidate. However, Maine and Nebraska each have a Variation of the "proportional representation". After the presidential election, you governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment" listing all the candidates who IAN for President in you state along with the names of Thai respective electors. The certificate also declares the winning of the presidential candidate in you state and shows which electors will represent you state at the meeting of electors each year.  The electoral college is widely regarded as an Anachronism, a nondemocratic method of selecting the president that ought to be overruled by declaring the confidant who decides the most votes the winner. Each paint selects a trusted elector to vote for the parties nominee.


Dear our beloved Principal,  I would just like to say that I think you should change the school policy From only students with at least a B average can participate in sports to only kids with at least a C average can participate. I think this rule should be changed because a C is still considered a passing grade just like an A or a B. IU only kids with at least a B average can play then you might not have enough kids to play on our teams and not be able to win. Also, sometimes kids try their best to get good grades, but sometimes they have lots of problems at home, and they don't have time to study or get a lot of their homework done so all they ever get is a C. It's not Are to them IU they want to play school sports, but they can't because they don't have the right grade. But also there are some kids who are just plain lazy and get lucky by getting a C they will still get to play, but that's alright because at least the people who deserve to play are getting too. Another thing should be added to the policy, IU you get more than three detentions you shouldn't be allowed to play For that year or IU you get one ISS or OSS you shouldn't be allowed to play either. Those are my opinions and I hope you take them into consideration.  Sincerely, Your Student


